We assumed two independent metrics,
each with a five per cent chance of a type one error.
This means that under the null hypothesis,
there is a 90.25 percent chance that
both metric sample means aren't statistically significant and a 9.75 percent chance,
that one or both make a type one error.
We'd be making almost twice our desired number of type one errors
if we made a decision based on just seeing one significant metric.
This example is highly simplified,
but it illustrates a potential problem with making
too many errors if we make multiple comparisons.
To overcome this, we need to perform a correction on the error rate for
each test to keep the overall error rate below some threshold.
The simplest of these corrections is the Bonferroni correction,
which divides the overall error rate by the number of test to be performed.
For our example, this means dividing 0.05 by two.
Each of the individual tests will be run at a 2.5 percent significance level.
Assuming independence between tests,
this results in an overall error rate of just under five percent.
Different corrections are possible and can depend on the number of
evaluation metrics you have and the desired pattern of results.